Sam poured himself a cup of yesterday's coffee and threw it in the microwave. As it heated up, he scavenged the egg scraps from the boys' plates. He licked the yolk clean off then stacked them into the dishwasher. He loaded some silverware beside the sink, then did a pass around the living room to collect a few strays the boys had left out. A partially loaded dishwasher bothered him to no end. When it was at capacity he checked their water balance on the display. He hesitated over the start button, then ran a quick sniff test on his armpits. He adjusted the dishwasher to eco mode then pressed start. He canceled the microwave with 2 seconds remaining and took out his mug. He surveyed the refrigerator as he took his first sip.

Those appeared to have been the last of the eggs for this week. Sam made himself a small bowl of yogurt with pine nuts. He made a mental note to adjust their order for lower caloric energy cost next week. It would be easier to taper off their usage over two weeks than reduce their usage an order of magnitude all at once. He wondered if his kids would change their feelings about eggs once they weren't in the fridge anymore.

Ramona had gone up the mountain again to meet her sister after dropping off the kids at school. He wished he could take back the donation to that ridiculous project. They could stave off another tier demotion 6 months at least if he could just undo that mistake. The house was unusually quiet without Ramona's music playing or the boy's pillaging the place. He sat at his desk and logged in as he finished his breakfast. It looked like he could afford almost 3 hours each day the rest of the week in virtual space.

Dorothea greeted him 

